Added link to new ProtoSchool tutorial. (#129)
ipfs/ipfs-docs-v2: docs/concepts/content-addressing.md

# Content addressing and CIDs

::: tip

> For a deep dive into content addressing and how it works, take a look at the ProtoSchools course on the [Anatomy of a CID](https://proto.school/#/anatomy-of-a-cid).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a deep dive into how Content Identifiers (CIDs) are constructed, take a look at ProtoSchool's tutorial on the [Anatomy of a CID](https://proto.school/#/anatomy-of-a-cid).
```

The tutorial isn't about content addressing in general (Decentralized Data Structures is closer to that), it's just about the CID itself and its gazillion self-referential parts. I'd recommend avoiding "course" because it's not what we call them and we may later create a thing called a course that's a collection of tutorials. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Author: Cool beans. I'll follow your example here then :)
